I speak now the second must stop and fishing seap and at 12 in the finalissima he stays
the second book on market and on the internet madonna Thursday in the
gardens
reef of this point of the picanha and olinda and on the 18th, on the day of departure joão
person the boy left beyond a silver day 28 on the reef elineide clean face
teams
I covered the defendant Mars
and talk about water in mars dry law all this ever red in the red
in the tongue
benefited - ever in my life now the things I said have that I like
cheap right
in the government's agenda that has the motto of adolescence for her age
according to him today we will talk about him
Marvila and I know how impossible restaurants are
ballades are the references of the north jetty from that moment 6 and
in the air the historian
from now who arrives there in the repechage murilo gun
each person is news that they chose water on mars
piglet concluding that he must have intelligent life in a bar
so I understood this relationship because it has water I avoid intelligent has
nothing to see how far from the water
law dry law dry law bothers a little ne
but I think the biggest one affected by the dry law by ugly women because the
men should not limit them to
yesterday I was here on the river it was an old story I did not like
'restaurant that in the menu has those dishes with the name of rui barbosa
fish chef's fashion
so what do you think?
with the ball escaping
goes that one of the chiefs of the tax office as and now as I do not want
it was then that it was a fashion of the house depends on the house
because if you had braked the house fashion in a nightclub clean take the
result
there is another story in it is that this style that I do not like and chile is me
not like anything coming from the sea
this series b
and I repeat but not the habits and is that people can know me and like
Sushi
It's like giving the multinational architect brain drain
people to make me contacts and
everything changes yes I value patting
the first time is bad because it gets good
she commands you that you do not feel well
What the hand smiled is a species that is uncle for much food.
now i hope i exist the multinational via seabra start the
blindness
but the test had
first time and soon after Kabul
put the sauce I know you have
stay smart there
the menu
After I raised him in the ballad I acted with single men as in
ballad he escorted the amount of people who stayed in it as if it were a
score have already seen this type was shaken to test with two blondes the score was 2
to 0
in 87 2 to 0 3 to 0 4 to 0 15 to 0
the contract with botafogo 2 to 1
I went on the ball the technician alex lloyd omega got it
and it was this
Then deja vu is bisexual.
because he sings I insist on 0 to 0 I want Mom
discovery
Who already got there once?
it was a secret here
Every man has died.
and every moment
pressing
every man has his wife heard
punctually to purchases later downloaded
and that classic phase that never happened to me
it's the contrast I've already had
export atlanta
here on the river
and in my case afra after cracked it was so
but stay calm
that you still pay
and there's the title discovers week is coming to here I call the Rio radio is
incredible as it is of the impression that all radios have the same amount
that it is a pendant because it becomes the first place in the so much ibope
trick
Then you'll read, it's over so you're listening to two hours of
range you do not have cable channel tasting
thank you
with the good faith participation he preached boy died at the time of agreement
with the real madrid
the diet of the impostor who arrives there